Add API Platform getting started (#83)
bump-sh/docs: docs/help/getting-started/index.md

# Getting started with Bump.sh

> Bump.sh connects people with REST and event-driven APIs, by centralizing a reference point: their documentation, highlighted with the latest changes and updates. Customize their look and feel, manage who can access (read or maintain) which doc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bump.sh connects people with REST and event-driven APIs, by centralizing a reference point: their documentation, highlighted with the latest changes and updates. 

From OpenAPI and AsyncAPI specifications, Bump.sh generates the documentation you need and offers many options to make it your custom and carefully crafted API experience.

Those specifications, supported by a wide variety of frameworks in various programming languages that generate contract files automatically, can be easily deployed on Bump.sh in a few clicks.
```

> From OpenAPI and AsyncAPI specifications, Bump.sh generates the documentation you need and offers many options to make it your custom and carefully crafted API experience. Those specifications are also supported by a wide variety of frameworks in various programming languages, which generate contract files automatically. 

Reviewer: A bit too much marketing. This is a help center article, we do not need to push the product that much.

> From OpenAPI and AsyncAPI specifications, Bump.sh generates the documentation you need and offers many options to make it your custom and carefully crafted API experience. Those specifications are also supported by a wide variety of frameworks in various programming languages, which generate contract files automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Our guides below will help you locate and use those files to deploy your API docs on Bump.sh:

> - [Quick start with definition files](quick-start) if you work directly with an OpenAPI or AsyncAPI file.

Reviewer: I know that's the solution we agreed on to... ease the changes for everyone.
However, I'm still sad to add an extra page and click for the users. I strongly believe that's a downgrade.

I won't come back on that topic so far, just want to put this here for the record.

> - [Quick start with specification files](getting-started/quick-start) if you work directly with an OpenAPI or AsyncAPI file.

Reviewer 2: we don't use the word `specification file` for a `definition file`. At least that's what we've talked about here: https://bump.sh/blog/what-is-openapi#definitions

Author: Thanks!

- [Get started here](/api-platform) if you are building an API with API Platform (PHP).

> - [Get started here](/fastapi) if you are building an API with FastAPI (Python).

Reviewer 3: Would that make sense to expose the techno first and then state that we use x or y tool to use?
Like:
- PHP Quickstart
- Python Quickstart  (could by FastAPI Quickstart too, just wondering which one speak to a broader audience)
- etc.

Author: Yes!
